Help on module shingling_minhashing:

NAME
    shingling_minhashing

FUNCTIONS
    L2_norm(x, y)
        This function is used to normalize a vector length using L2 norm
    
    LSH(signature_mat, b, rows, num_docs)
        It is responsible for the local sensitive hashing. It divides the signature matrix into bands
        and documents having the same hashed value in a certain band are put into same bucket
        This function takes parameters:
        signature_mat : The Signature matrix obtained after minhashing
        b: number of bands in which signature matrix is divided
        rows: number of rows each band has
        num_docs: the number of documents in the corpus
        It returns two values:
        buckets: An array of dictionaries which holds the hashed vectors for each band
        hashed:It is the mapping using which docid was hashed into buckets
    
    cosine_similarity(x, y)
        Computes the cosine similarity between two vectors
    
    genhash(length, num, x, func)
        length is the number of shingles.
        num is the number of hash functions.
        x is the row for which hash function value is to be calculated.
        func is the list returned by hashfunc()
        Returns the list containing hash functions value for row x.
    
    hashfunc(num, length)
        num is the number of hash functions to be created.
        Returns list of (a,b) pairs.
        Hash function is of the form (ax+b)modlength
        Here a and b is always smaller than the number of shingles.
    
    load(doc)
        Load the pickle file
    
    main()
    
    query_processing(hashed, buckets, signature_mat, query, t)
        This function is used to find the similar documents for a query within the same bucket
        obtained from LSH.
        The metric for search is Cosine Similarity
        The various parameters are
        hashed:It is the mapping using which docid was hashed into buckets
        buckets: An array of dictionaries which holds the hashed vectors for each band
        signature_mat: The Signature matrix obtained after minhashing
        query: the query document number to be searched in the corpus
        t: the threhold value for diciding similarity
        This function returns a sorted list of documents on the basis of similarity with the query document
    
    shingling(data, k)
        shingles_dict stores the input matrix.
        Keys of the dictionary are the shingles and the value is matrix values (rows)
    
    signature_matrix(shingles, num, no_of_doc, func)
        shingles is the Input matrix with value of dictionary as the shingles.
        num is the number of minhash functions to be generated.
        no_of_doc is the number of documents in data.
        func is the list returned by hashfunc()

